there's this is David again this is
finally my last one on 120 days later I
just wanted to show you how I got rid of
them there's two things
No you remember me from the last videos
it's my mug but let me show you real
quick where like they were at before
remember along this wall here all the
way down to the end and they were back
in this corner here light fixture I
showed you before no bugs along the
corner behind this thing to where they
were originally and back to that side
their carpets all cleaned and gone a
little stain over there but it's gonna
come out but I got to salvage these
little dressers here remember that one
I completely sprayed it with 90% alcohol
it's all cleaned out there's not one
book it's been a hundred and twenty days
now the reason I'm trying to show you
this and I had I got to salvage this one
I just sprayed it and cleaned it real
good there was no bed bug eggs nothing
and the last thing to say is we look at
this room is the beds all clutter it up
because there's no bedbugs in the night
I made sure that but let me just in
closing show you this there's two points
I wanna show see this is a middle bed
the other one I got I completely
destroyed it and since then no bedbugs
now this is the key there's two things
you need once you find the bedbugs I'm
focusing on this prayer that's 90%
alcohol use that to spray the bedbugs if
you find when you find the nest destroy
whatever it the nest is that just I
don't care what it is get rid of it and
then spray the rest of the
house-town and especially in the closets
where I had cleaned out you've seen
earlier and one last thing is that there
is a carpet shampooer
that actually is used on the carpet to
clean it I can't talk about what the
chemical is but carpet men they call it
Agent Orange and it cleans the cleaner
has to be a hundred and twenty degrees
and it got rid of them I sprayed my
whole house and let me tell you there's
not one bedbug left in this place so I
just want to show that folks this is the
last one and it's been 120 days and
they're hasta LaVista they're gone okay
so this is David signing up for the last
time and I hope I have helped you
because you surely don't want to spend
all that money for these in the
insecticide killerman
and they charge you 250 a room and I
can't afford that so you can do it on
your own with that that's my advice my
experience and remember have a good life
and kill them suckers I hate them ideals